His name is Achmed al-Paula Abdul
al-Paul Anka al-Casey Kasem bin Shakira.
We must find out who he works for.
Leave it to me, sir. I,ll crack him faster
than Condoleezza Rice...
cracked the glass ceiling
with her beautiful straightened hair.
It's no use, C.I.A. man.
I will never talk. Never!
Shh.
Every man has a weakness. What is his?
His teeth are yellow,
so he's a smoker.
The handcuffs around his wrists
mean he's in some sort of trouble.
The haunted look in his eyes
suggest that he doesn't know...
what Eric McCormack's gonna
do after Will And Grace either.
He's got a wedding ring,
but his shirt doesn't match his pants...
which means his wife
has stop caring. Gotcha!
Oh, man!
Another spot on my tie.
It's like my wife
doesn't even care anymore.
I,m sorry. You shouldn't have to listen to
my complaints. It's not like you could relate.
Actually, you might be surprised.
My wife and I haven't been getting along
for quite some time now.
It's like she's no longer
the woman I traded goats for, you know?
Preaching to the mosque, Achmed.
Preaching to the mosque.
Dude, it's okay.
She,ll come around.
It just sucks, you know?
It's like she's jealous of my work as
chief bomb maker at Arabs for Chaos.
Ooh. Probably shouldn't have told you that.
I thought we were friends!
You thought what I made you think.
I still want to
get the wives together.
Well done, Smith.
I,m going to pat you on the bottom.
Ready?
There it is.
Look. it's Jenny Bowen.
She's got the body of Lara Croft...
the pouty good looks
of Resident Evil's Jill valentine...
and the frank eroticism
of Rosie O,Donnell.
God, I,d love to bend Rosie O,Donnell
over a buffet table...
and just let her eat
all she wants.
Yes, Rosie O,Donnell
is every teenage boy's Mrs. Right.
But these girls are Mrs. Right Here.
Those girls will never talk to us.
They,ll give us boo-boos
on our feelings.
- Trust me, guys. We can do this.
- But what if they-
No ifs, no buts, no coconuts.
- Afternoon, ladies.
- What do you little kids want?
Little kids? Would a little kid have a $50
watch he bought with good-boy points?
Sorry. We only date guys with cars.
Ohh!
I,m home.
Oh, if I had known you were
gonna be home so early...
I wouldn't have taken
care of myself in the bathtub.
Hey, you know how we were
talking about getting me a new car?
Well, I know exactly what I want.
The Fem wagon.
It's a little pricey.
Hey, you,ve got one of the C.I.A.'s
top negotiators on your side.
You know I negotiated my way
through negotiator training.
I should have failed the hell out
of that class. That's how good I am.
- Hi, I,m Felix. Can I help you?
- Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh.
Every man has a weakness. What is his?
- I notice you shave against the grain.
- What?
I do the same thing.
My dad wasn't around
to teach me any different.
Neither was mine.
So, what do you think of your new car?
Do you love it?
I told you I wanted the Fem wagon.
This is the Phallus.
No, it's the Phallus E.S.
Felix said it was the last one on the lot.
I had to act fast or this other guy
was totally gonna buy it.
Son of a bitch!
He mind-raped me!
Don't worry, honey.
No car salesman is gonna get the better of me.
- Is she a beauty or what?
- Stan, that's my old car.
Correction. It's your
new pre-owned car...
and I got it
for a sweet 10 grand.
We sold it to him for 7,000.
Yeah, but he let me keep the Phallus
for no extra charge.
Because you already paid for it!
Francine, there's a lot of math-
man math-
involved in a car purchase
that- Damn it!
Why... does... this...
keep... happening?
Sorry about this mess, Klaus.
They cleared out the garage
to make room for Stan's stupid cars.
The one time I invite
the fish up here for drinks.
Oh, don't worry about it.
I,m... having fun. I,m having fun.
Oh, my God!
A movie projector!
Is there anything more magical
than movies?
Wait! There's no movies!
It's like having the world's biggest
wine cooler and no girls from New Jersey.
Hey, what are you doing
with my dad's movie projector?
If I,m living in a storage unit so he can buy
20 cars, I,m gonna get something out of it.
Get something out of it?
Cars?
Yes! The girls would go crazy
over these cars! That's it!
Hey, Algernon,
what's wrong with you?
Can't you get an idea
without saying it out loud?
Smith, I told you to interrogate
that prisoner an hour ago.
Uh, lost my confidence because
a car salesman bested me eight times?
Of course I haven't lost my confidence
because a car salesman bested me eight times.
Good! Then get in there.
Okay, so here's a passport, $1,000
and the names of all our operatives.
Great. And you should be receiving your
first issue of Essence in six to eight weeks.
- Awesome!
- Smith! What in God's name are you doing?
Feets, don't explode
on me now!
- You gave away state secrets to a terrorist?
- Freedom fighter?
Smith, until you get your head in the game,
I,m suspending you without pay.
Clean out your desk
and leave immediately!
Janet, when's my next appointment?
- Not for two hours, sir.
- Excellent.
- Later, buddy.
- See you, pal.
Ah, the joys of work.
These car payment bills are
really starting to pile up, Stan.
I,m know. Because I,m an idiot.
My sensei would be disgusted.
He spent 16 months training me
in the art of mental manipulation...
and then some car salesman
makes my brain his bitch!
Well, maybe you should go visit your sensei.
You know, get a tune-up.
Stan, you return.
- Yes, Sensei. I,ve come back to you for guidance.
- Enter, young one.
I,m right in the middle of trying
to get the toaster to pop...
and I,m afraid to put
anything metal in there.
Well, ladies, start your engines!
Wow! You actually do have cars.
I want to brush your hair.
Hey, we should go to the beach.
Yeah. Um, we don't exactly
know how to drive these cars.
- Are you kidding me?
- No. No. No, I,m not. But we can sit in them.
On a clear night, this one gets Radio Disney.
Why did I say that?
Roger, this package came for you.
My films! Oh, gimme, gimme, gimme!
Ah, "chinema....
Porky's?Meatballs II?
Enjoy your crapfest.
Oh, go read The Bell Jar, you poser!
Klaus, prepare to feast your eyes...
on the majestic grandeur
of the silver screen.
Wah-wahhh!
Damn it!
You guys have your own drive-in?
Yes. Yes. Yes, we do.
Turkey pot pie
or chicken pot pie?
Turkey pot pie-
Perhaps the answer is not what is inside the pie...
but what is inside you.
Stan, you scared me half to death.
Better to be scared half to death...
than to death half... scared... be... to.
Oh. Okay.
Well, we,re glad to have you home,
especially with the bills piling up.
The bills will be dealt with.
But now I rest.
At dawn, I go down to the dealership,
wait four hours until they open...
and then kick the mental ass
of a certain car salesman.
He will take back these cars,
and I will take back my pride.
- Farewell, my concubine.
- What?
We accept the fact
that we had to sacrifice a whole Saturday...
in detention for whatever
it was we did wrong.
But we think you're crazytomake us write
an essaytellingyou who we think weare.
You see us as you want to see us-
in the simplest terms,
the most convenient definitions.
But what we found out
is that each one ofus is a brain...
and an athlete
and a basket case...
a princess
and a criminal.
Does that answer
your question?
Sincerely yours,
the Breakfast Club.
Thanks, guys. But we were just wondering,
why didn't you try anything?
We-We could have tried something?
That's what drive-ins are for.
Getting down and dirty.
Oh. Okay, baby.
Well, let's get busy.
The movie's over,
you little pervert.
But we,d love to do this again,
say, next weekend?
- Weekends are when I clean out my belly button.
- Eww!
My boy is wicked hygienic.
Chicken pot pie! My favorite!
- Actually, it's turkey.
- Oh, gross!
Why don't we just eat
a big pile of vomit?
Giant bumblebees! They,ve come at last!
What the hell is that?
You bought a blimp?
Francine, with today's low helium prices,
we,d be crazy not to buy.
Oh, my God!
He did it to me again!
- Now, Stan-
- Don't look at me!
I,m not worthy to be
the head of this family. I,m leaving.
I,m going someplace where
I won't bring shame to this house!
Stan, please, you,re not-
Damn! I can't even exit
mysteriously anymore.
- When's Dad coming back?
- Don't know.
Don't, uh- Don't know.
Oh, my God!
We,re a broken home!
And I,m too drunk and they,re too dumb
to channel it into art.
Everything's gonna be fine.
Once he finds his confidence,
he,ll be right back here.
But what are we
gonna do for money?
- We,re here to clean the house.
- Buenos dias.
I am Judy.
La toilet. La toilet!
No espoo-poo.
Are you saying you would
like me to clean the toilet?
No!No!
No espoo-poo!
- Dad better come home soon.
- Hang in there, sweetheart.
Did you break my coffeemaker?
I don't know what
you,re talking about.
Coffee... maker!
Elburroporlos coffee.
I know what a coffee maker is.
We weren't even in the kitchen.
- No dinero today.
- But we worked for 12 hours!
You want me to call I.N.S.?
You comprende that? Yeah, you do.
Stan?
Just a minute!
Francine, what a nice surprise!
What brings you
to the neighborhood?
Can I offer you something to drink?
Half a can of Tab? Rain water?
Stan, you have to come home.
We,re totally broke.
The kids need a father,
and I have this jar I can't open.
And quit now? No, I,ve got
some really exciting things happening.
A whole new entrepreneurial thing that is
gonna be the next big thing for Stan Smith.
Check it out.
- What are you selling?
- Still working on that.
But once I nail it,
it's gonna take off like a rocket.
I,ll give you $5.00 for all of them.
Go to hell!
I killed my best friend.
And for what?
A turd made of solid gold.
What have I done?
This is all your fault.
Why do you think
he did it, sir?
Who knows? Probably running
from something. Himself, most likely.
What the hell? Gold.
Find something, Lieutenant?
Ha. Just an old nickel, Chris.
Just an old nickel.
It's.. beautiful
What do you think it is?
It's a mistake is what it is.
One week to retirement,
I risk my pension by stealing evidence?
What the hell was I thinking?
You were thinking about us.
Oh, Eddie, don'tyou see?
The best your pension will buy us is some
crappy little cracker box on the eastern shore.
But now-
now we can go to Boca.
- This changes everything.
- This changes nothing!
I,ve always been a good cop,
and I,m going out a good cop.
- You,re going out a nothing!
- An honest nothing!
Yeah, well,
I,m sick of your honesty!
What about me? Huh?
What about all those
late nights I lied awake...
wondering if you
were in some gutter...
plugged in the groceries
by some hopped-up dope fiend?
- Don't I get something for that?
- Listen to yourself, Marilyn.
This isn't you.
This isn't us.
It's this... thing.
It's- It's putting
bad thoughts in our heads.
No. Tomorrow, I,m just gonna
turn it in and face the music.
Oh, you,re right.
You,re right.
I,m sorry, Eddie.
I,ll get us some tea.
It,ll calm us down.
The sooner
it's out ofour lives the better.
Besides, that cracker box won't seem so bad
when our grandkids come to visit.
Yeah. I hear Boca's
really humid anyways.
Besides, Eddie,
you,re all I need.
Welcome back to
the drive-in, ladies.
Your chariots to pleasure await.
Ah, Steve, your first grope fest.
You won't truly appreciate
the awkwardness of this moment...
until you,re fondly reminiscing
as a 35-year-old homosexual.
Here to repo the cars.
You can't do that.
We,re about to become men.
Well, you may have planned on
becoming men through sexual conquest...
but perhaps an equally valid
preparation for adulthood...
would be a night filled
with disappointment and compromise.
Ohh!
Ah, the death of the drive-in. Harbinger
of the slow demise of American cinema.
The grand images, the big stars.
Where did they go?
Now everyone just sits at home.
Now it's all TV, TV, TV!
Wait a second!
I have a TV!
How could I forget you,
my good-time gal?
Who needs the damn movies?
Fifteen bucks to see who's chasing Ashley Judd
through the woods? Movies are dead.
Long live TV!
What's for breakfast?
All we have left
is this one Cheerio.
But if you hold it up to your eye,
it looks like you,re having a bagel.
- Grocery money!
- How,d you get grocery money?
- Wait! Who's he?
- Steve, stop bothering your sister. Hayley, you did good.
- Why,d we have to walk here?
- Because we,re poor as hell!
Stan? What are you doing here?
I,m selling candy to raise money so my soccer
team can get new uniforms. Will you help us?
- No!
- I don't blame you. It's a total scam.
- Stan, it's time to come home.
- No! I don't deserve it!
You!
- You smell like potty.
- You smell like potty!
- Let's get inside.
- You did this to me!
I had everything! A family! A great job!
You took it all from me.
- Is that true?
- Oh, I,m sure it's not that bad.
- Our lives are ruined.
- I,ve... done things.
And it all started
with that damn car!
- Daddy, I thought you sold people
cars to help them. - I do. I-
Look, why don't we go back
to my office, call the bank...
and get you off the hook
for your loans?
- Oh, thank you.
- No! No charity!
- Stan!
- Any car we need, I will pay for with candy.
Stan, your family's in bad shape here.
Let me help you.
I,ll set you up with that Fem wagon.
I,ll even knock off 10 bucks a month.
Initial, initial and signature.
And vengeance is mine.
In your face!
Yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yes! Me!
Um, what?
That's right, car salesman.
How does it feel to have fallen into my trap?
My plan worked perfectly.
- Plan? What plan? - Why, my
pretending-to-be- depressed-and-go-crazy plan.
Pretending? You put us
through all this on purpose?
Let me walk you through.
I went to Nepal to see my
sensei, but it turned out to be a bad weekend
So he couldn't give me the mind control
techniques I so desperately needed
As you can imagine,
it was a depressing plane ride home...
until l realized I was sitting next
to the foulmouthed playwright...
and master of the con game,
David Mamet.
We decided that the whole going crazy shtick
was the best way to handle Felix.
We knew that if l bought a blimp and then
abandoned my impoverished family...
you and the kids would be forced
to shop at the off-brand grocery store...
where I knew Felix must shop because
he's so obsessed with the best deal
Therefore, it was only a matter of time
before we would all meet...
I would humiliate you and Felix's
alpha-male need to impress his family...
would drive him to "save me...
and give me a great deal on the car.
Not to pat myself on the back, but we,re ahead
of schedule. I thought it would take two years.
I lost out on becoming a man.
I cleaned strangers, toilets.
All to save $10 a month?
That's right, baby.
Enjoy it.
God, it's great to win again!
Oh! I still got it, honey!
Yeah! I won!
I won!
Hey, who's up for some ice cream?
Huh? Hayley? Ice cream?
Steve? Francine? Hayley? Oh, I asked you
already. Can't remember what you said.
God, I don't remember
the last time I felt so good!